<!doctype html>

<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, user-scalable=yes" />
  <title>SRCF Committee Meeting - 18 December 2021</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="/_srcf/vendor/css/bootstrap.min.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="/_srcf/srcf-bs.css" />
</head>

<body>
  <main class="container">
    <div id="doc" class="markdown-body container-fluid">
      <h1 id="SRCF-Meeting-Minutes">SRCF Committee Meeting &ndash; 18 December 2021</h1>
      <h2>Held on Jitsi Meet, to discuss:</h2>
      <ul>
        <li>Annual submission to Proctors</li>
        <li>The sysadmin mailbox/Mythic Beasts</li>
        <li>A term plan for Lent 2022</li>
      </ul>
      <h2>Present:</h2>
          <ul>
            <li>Patrick Connolly (<code>pc644</code>) &ndash; Treasurer</li>
            <li>Andrew Jenkins (<code>adj35</code>) &ndash; Secretary</li>
            <li>David Bai (<code>zb260</code>) &ndash; Publicity Officer</li>
          </ul>

      <h2 id="annual-submission">Annual submission</h2>
      <p>
      This has not yet been done. Patrick to look at our accounts and fill out
      the list of officers. Andrew to email proctors and ask for an extension.
      </p>
      <h2 id="sysadmin-mailbox">Sysadmin mailbox</h2>
      <p>
      No progress from the committee end as yet. Andrew to talk to sysadmins
      about the situation to establish whether anything had been arranged
      independently by the sysadmins.
      </p>
      <h2 id="LT2022">Lent 2022 Term Plan</h2>
      <p> It should be our objective to get as many people involved as
      possible, in the interest of recruiting more sysadmins. The following
      ideas were proposed:
      </p>
      <ul> 
	      <li> An AGM (required) </li>
	      <li> A visit to the Centre for Computing History </li>
	      <li> One or two hack days </li>
	      <li> A trip to the pub </li> 
      </ul>
      <p> The possibility of a relaxed 'coffee and code' type event, which
      could be an easier way to get people involved than a hack day, was
      considered, but it was understood that this would represent quite a time
      commitment and it wasn't clear where we might do this while the SU lounge
      was not available for booking. </p> 

      <p> All agree to have a meeting in early January. </p>

    </div>
  </main>
</body>

</html>
