<!--#set var="title" value="Minutes of AGM held on 12/03/2023" -->
<!--#include virtual="../inc/header.html" -->
<h1><!--#echo encoding="none" var="title" --></h1>
<div id="doc" class="markdown-body container-fluid">
	<p>
    Date: 12/03/2023<br />
    Time: 16:00<br />
    Venue: Cambridge University Engineering Department, Trumpington Street, Cambridge
  </p>
  <h2 id="In-attendance">Members in attendance</h2>
  <p>
    Eleanor Clifford (tc565), outgoing Chair <br />
    James Steiner (jas330), outgoing Secretary <br />
    Edwin Balani (eb677) <br />
    Richard Allitt (rsa33) <br />
    CMT Cliffon (cmtc3) <br />
    Nils Andre (na600) <br />
    Brychan Thomas (bt416) <br />
    Daniel Carter (dcc52) <br />
    Jason Brown (jrb239) <br />
  </p>
  <h2>Apologies</h2>
  <p>Mattias Silva (mw781), outgoing Treasurer</p>

  <h2 id="Reports">Reports</h2>
  <h3>Chair's report (given by Eleanor Clifford)</h3>

  <ul>
     <li>Had a committe of 3 instead of the usual 4 (lacked publicity officer)
     <li> Held a hackday and freshers squash and had a stall at freshers fair in Michaelmams
     <li> Not that many newcomers who came to the hackday or freshers squash actually ran for committe or became sysadmins - attracting and maintaining sysadmins remains a point to improve upon
     <li> No events were held in Easter or Lent
  </ul>
  <h3>Treasurer's report (given by Eleanor Clifford)</h3>

  The current committe does not have access to the bank mandate, although the Senior Treasurer should have access. The new committe should be able to get access it by filling out a form found on the wiki.

  <h3>Sysadmins' report (given by Edwin)</h3>

  <ul>
     <li> Around April last year, the servers were relocated from the SU Louge (17 Mill Lane) to the UIS's office and the Roger Needham Building (both in West Cambridge). This led to a few hours of downtime however went smoothly and we now have a proper machine room opposed to an old office.
     <li> Enlisted a few more people as sysadmins, however they haven't yet fully got up to speed. As it stands, the main sysadmins are not students.
     <li> Trialed user VMs (given to UCCPS committe who used it to successfully run programming competitions).
     <li> Overall, no big changes or development except the server move
     <li> A few years ago, Matias (current treasures and former chair) converted documentation into website format - we've received some feedback on this - they've been quite helpful however there are some points on structure that could be improved.
     <li> We have a sysadmin blog, however it has largely been inactive.
     <li> Before the next academic year, the university mail service PPLW (PP Switch) is being shut down - this means that multi-factor authentification with raven (Raven for life users) can't login unless the owner of the website as specifically allowed it. Additionally the SRCF no longer benefits from this system on inbound mail (e.g. spam filtering) - the replacement is undefined and there is no guarantee that it will be suitable for the SRCf - it will go through Microsoft Exchance which is generally far more strict about blocking mail. The biggest techical change required is on the mail system to catch up with modern practices so @cam.ac.uk recipients get mail from mailing lists.
  </ul>

  <h4 id="Motion">Motion</h4>
  <p>
    Allow the new Chair, Junior Treasure and Senior Treasure on the mandate for any and all bank accounts
  <h4 id="Voting">Voting</h4>
  <p>
    9 for<br />
    0 against<br />
  </p>

  <h2 id="Voting1">Voting</h2>
  <h3 id="Chair-Vote">Chair Vote</h3>
  James Steiner nominates self, seconded by Eleanor Clifford. Unanimously elected.
  <h3 id="Secretary-Vote">Secretary Vote</h3>
  Nils Andre nominates self, seconded by Eleanor Clifford. Unanimously elected.
  <h3 id="Junior-Treasurer-Vote">Junior Treasurer Vote</h3>
  Jure Zugbic nominates self, seconded by James Steiner. Unanimously elected.
  <h3 id="Publicity-Officer-Vote">Publicity Officer Vote</h3>
  Brychan Thomas nominates self, seconded by Edwin Balani. Unanimously elected.

  <h2 id="Other-business">Other business</h2>
      Next year (June 2024) will mark the 25th anniversary of the SRCF - it would be nice for the new committe to organise a dinner for students and alumni.

</div>
<!--#include virtual="../inc/footer.html" -->
